what's going on everybody welcome back
to more a hitman blood money we're at a
fancy opera house I'm not doing anything
suspicious
I'm just spying on people taking a piss
that's normal right you guys got a
problem
Rob ylim solved I will lead a good life
for you take care of Martha back at home
and little Sally who am i killing right
now what's what what is what am i doing
oh crap they're on to me
I got a hostage don't shoot guys chill
chill I'm just going to the bathroom
okay just give me a minute I'll be out
in a sec time out time out I gotta take
a leak
everyone just stop shooting wait guys
guys one at a time please there are only
so many toilets in here you can crap
when I'm done
stop stop fuck wait your turn
Oh do I like get a second chance it
so this is a no-smoking building sir he
looks exactly like me oh my god oh okay
I see how this little act works I get it
okay okay I just need to swap the
pistols I can hear him snoring he is
sleeping this is a nice scam you got
going on there buddy
oh he woke up wait what why are you
wearing high heels in the shower what
are you doing
stop making those noises it's so sexual
come on man get back out there I need
you to go shoot your buddy there you go
take the prop pistol and I guess we just
wait for him to come back and take the
real one and then if all goes well he'll
be fucked he looked me right in the eyes
you see that he's like I'm on to your
bitch whoa okay I didn't know you can
fall off that I'm sorry what was that
you you want me to place a bomb on this
thing here okay you got it you're the
boss I mean doesn't really seem like a
safe idea but I respect you and your
pigeons are they doing another act okay
this is it perfect if this does work I'm
gonna feel like a goddamn genius shoot
him shoot him do it
do it make your dreams come true oh oh
my god oh my god just wanna throw my two
cents out there this play really sucks
oh here we go this is it did he actually
die
yes he actually died now they're gonna
be like oh wow what a great actor
there's the other guy I gotta kill right
down there I wonder when they're gonna
realize he's dead
oh they realized oh shit oh fuck oh wait
is he going downstairs if he's going
downstairs this is perfect please say oh
yes go get him oh my god actually caught
him I killed all the pigeons oops
oh stop it
what'd I ever do to you guys look what
you made me do stop
I'm just murdering people what's the big
deal stop it stop stop shooting me stop
it
I'm just trying to do my job here okay
I'll do my job you do yours let's see
you do it I don't think you have the
balls shooting them right in the dick
not cool man how are you standing after
that
yeah your reaction should be similar to
that guys what the hell do you not have
a penis that's more like it
hey dude dude look at me look at me man
I'm just the exterminator dude I don't
know why you shooting at me call me for
your rat problem you call me you call me
down here for your rat problem and then
you shoot your bullets at my face you
ain't a man you're no better than the
rats oh hey oh all fuck all guys you
guys have guns and bullets I've just got
home improvement tools okay
stealthy stealthy oh man not stealthy
not stealthy how did they detect me my
stealth techniques are flawless your
bullets mean nothing to me you'll never
take me alive I know why it's just
suddenly turned into a pirate for some
reason anyway guys that's all the time I
have for today but I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did maybe consider
leaving a like down below thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you in
the next one how do I put him back in
his cage maybe maybe I have to set him
free go chicken be free find help one
the others oh god what the fuck did I
walk into oh my god holy shit oh god oh
god hold me